README.md, before:

# ESTA

> Emissions Spatial and Temporal Allocator

ESTA is a command-line tool for processing raw emissions data into spatially and temporally-allocated emissions inventories, suitable for photochemicaly modeling or other analysis.


## ESTA Documentation

For more information about what ESTA is and what it does, please see:

* [The Basic Introduction](docs/BASIC_INTRO.md)

For more information about how to use ESTA, please see:

* [The User's Guide](docs/USERS_GUIDE.md)

For information about the default spatial and temporal surrogates included in ESTA, please see:

* [The Surrogate Guide](docs/SURROGATES.md)

If you are a developer, looking to understand or improve ESTA, please see:

* [The Developer's Guide](docs/DEVELOPERS.md)


## Open-Source Licence

ESTA was developed by the California State Government, by the Air Quality Planning and Science Division of the [ARB](http://www.arb.ca.gov/homepage.htm) at the [California EPA](http://www.calepa.ca.gov/).  As this was the product of a publically-funded government agency, it is part of the public domain. It is openly licensed under the GNU GPLv3 license, and free for all to use.

* [GNU GPLv3 License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

new fork is now the official

README.md, after:

# ESTA

> Emissions Spatial and Temporal Allocator

ESTA is a command-line tool for processing raw emissions data into spatially and temporally-allocated emissions inventories, suitable for photochemicaly modeling or other analysis.

> NOTE: The official version of this repo has been moved to the fork in the [mmb-carb](https://github.com/mmb-carb/ESTA_Documentation) organization.


## ESTA Documentation

For more information about what ESTA is and what it does, please see:

* [The Basic Introduction](docs/BASIC_INTRO.md)

For more information about how to use ESTA, please see:

* [The User's Guide](docs/USERS_GUIDE.md)

For information about the default spatial and temporal surrogates included in ESTA, please see:

* [The Surrogate Guide](docs/SURROGATES.md)

If you are a developer, looking to understand or improve ESTA, please see:

* [The Developer's Guide](docs/DEVELOPERS.md)


## Open-Source Licence

ESTA was developed by the California State Government, by the Air Quality Planning and Science Division of the [ARB](http://www.arb.ca.gov/homepage.htm) at the [California EPA](http://www.calepa.ca.gov/).  As this was the product of a publically-funded government agency, it is part of the public domain. It is openly licensed under the GNU GPLv3 license, and free for all to use.

* [GNU GPLv3 License](LICENSE)
